README.md, before:

# Django User Registration Demo

Django site with user registration functionality powered by
[Userena](http://docs.django-userena.org/en/latest/).

Copyright (C) 2013 Daniel Jonsson,
[@DanielJonss](https://twitter.com/DanielJonss)  
Licensed under [GNU GPL version 3 or later](LICENSE)

## Setup

1. Open [setup.sh](setup.sh) and add your Linux username to `USER=''`.
2. Run `$ sudo ./setup.sh` to install dependencies, populate the database,
   config the settings file, etc. Note: It's configured to use pacman for
installing packages, but this can easily be changed.

## Run local server

1. `$ source env/bin/activate`
2. `$ ./manage.py runserver`
3. Open [http://127.0.0.1:8000/](http://127.0.0.1:8000/) in a web browser to
   play with the app.

## Libraries & frameworks

* [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) licensed under the [Modified BSD
  License](https://github.com/django/django/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [Userena](http://docs.django-userena.org/en/latest/) licensed under the
  [Modified BSD
License](https://github.com/bread-and-pepper/django-userena/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [Django REST framework](http://django-rest-framework.org/) licensed under [a
  modified BSD License](http://django-rest-framework.org/#license).
* [Django Breadcrumbs](https://github.com/chronossc/django-breadcrumbs)
  licensed under the [Modified BSD
License](https://github.com/chronossc/django-breadcrumbs/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [django-widget-tweaks](https://github.com/kmike/django-widget-tweaks/)
  licensed under the [MIT
License](https://github.com/kmike/django-widget-tweaks/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [Twitter Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) licensed under [Apache License
  2.0](http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/) licensed under the [MIT
  License](https://jquery.org/license/)
* [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/) licensed under [SIL OFL 1.1 and MIT
  License](http://fontawesome.io/license/)

Commit message:

Add image link to YouTube demo of the app

README.md, after:

# Django User Registration Demo

Django site with user registration functionality powered by
[Userena](http://docs.django-userena.org/en/latest/).

Copyright (C) 2013 Daniel Jonsson,
[@DanielJonss](https://twitter.com/DanielJonss)  
Licensed under [GNU GPL version 3 or later](LICENSE)

## YouTube video

If you don't want to download the application but still want to check it out,
you can instead click on the image below to watch it in action on YouTube.

[![YouTube thumbnail](youtube-thumbnail.jpg "Watch on
YouTube")](http://youtu.be/k9eoC6APhHM)

## Setup

1. Open [setup.sh](setup.sh) and add your Linux username to `USER=''`.
2. Run `$ sudo ./setup.sh` to install dependencies, populate the database,
   config the settings file, etc. Note: It's configured to use pacman for
installing packages, but this can easily be changed.

## Run local server

1. `$ source env/bin/activate`
2. `$ ./manage.py runserver`
3. Open [http://127.0.0.1:8000/](http://127.0.0.1:8000/) in a web browser to
   play with the app.

## Libraries & frameworks

* [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) licensed under the [Modified BSD
  License](https://github.com/django/django/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [Userena](http://docs.django-userena.org/en/latest/) licensed under the
  [Modified BSD
License](https://github.com/bread-and-pepper/django-userena/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [Django REST framework](http://django-rest-framework.org/) licensed under [a
  modified BSD License](http://django-rest-framework.org/#license).
* [Django Breadcrumbs](https://github.com/chronossc/django-breadcrumbs)
  licensed under the [Modified BSD
License](https://github.com/chronossc/django-breadcrumbs/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [django-widget-tweaks](https://github.com/kmike/django-widget-tweaks/)
  licensed under the [MIT
License](https://github.com/kmike/django-widget-tweaks/blob/master/LICENSE)
* [Twitter Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) licensed under [Apache License
  2.0](http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/) licensed under the [MIT
  License](https://jquery.org/license/)
* [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/) licensed under [SIL OFL 1.1 and MIT
  License](http://fontawesome.io/license/)
